feat!(nsis): add an option to customize start menu folder (#9994)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/nsis-start-menu-folder-breaking.md

---
"tauri-bundler": "patch:breaking"
---

> Changed start menu folder default to no additional folder instead of an extra folder with the same name as the shortcut

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed NSIS start menu shortcut to be placed directly inside `%AppData%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs` without an additional folder. You can get the old behavior by setting `bundle > nsis > startMenuFolder` to the same value as your `productName`
```
